How do you know these things?
Oh, grandpa, he is the second ancestor of the Du family
He couldn't have done these things.
Hey Qingyao
Don't say things so one-sided
I did both of those things.
Du Chen, I really didn't see you wrong
My Lin's house
If you would marry my granddaughter
I will give you the entire Lin family
Help you get a Du family education
Grandpa, what you said is true
As long as you want
You can come to me for help anytime.
My neighbor can invest their capital in you
I happen to have a new project to invest in
I just don't know if Mr. Lin dares to follow
What is the project real estate
Pony, you have to help me get revenge.
You still have the face to say
It's been several times
Never won
Blame that Du Chen
He's so cunning, pony, you gotta help me
It's not because you're stupid
In two days.
Officials will announce where the new city will be developed
It's our last hope for a comeback
But with our current funds
They are not qualified to participate in the auction at all.
You can rest in peace here first
I'll figure out the funding.
Qingcheng, you fucking hurt Lao Tzu